DONE Country of claim
DONE Optional for et office and case number ? (label)
DONE No default value for any fees
DONE Validation (numeric) for fees - allowing blank
DONE Please selects everywhere
DONE Building society - to have capital S
DONE Review page - to include optional rep and also the bank and building society
Roll number validation - question with finance
DONE Declaration text -
DONE Yes / No to change to checkbox on review page
Submit claim to be disabled until checkbox ticked


Add time/date to the confirmation page
Add print link to the confirmation page
Reference number to be huge like in ET
DONE Remove continue button from final page


cathie [3:52 PM]
I was a sole party who made the payments set out in this application and have not been reimbursed by anyone.
(a) I have not received a payment from my opponent to reimburse me those fees in accordance with an Order of the Tribunal (b) nor was I granted a full Help With Fees remission


[3:54]
remove referece to a and b

DONE Remove support and guide links


From meeting 21/9

1. Landing page still to be confirmed by the Business and the guidance from the landing page needs to be included in the system as help text.
DONE 2. Add new Representative option in addition to claimant but it will follow 2a path. Business to confirm
3. Waiting for the Business to confirm hand off process when a Claimant has changed their name since original claim
DONE 4. Representatives postcode must be mandatory
DONE 5. Respondents postcode, change from mandatory to optional
DONE 6. Business to confirm the question text for 'Country of claim?' , options being  England & Wales/Scotland - Answer 'Where was your claim issued?'
DONE 7. ET & EAT reference number - Business confirmed that this should be freetext
DONE 8. Make the additional information text box 500 characters and ensure users are informed of the character count.
DONE 9. Include help text for the additional information text box, business to confirm help text - The text has been confirmed as 'Please use this box to give us any information or reference numbers you think would be helpful in identifying your case'
DONE 10. Fees paid needs to be on a new screen
DONE 11. Include Date field in fees paid, allow MM/YYYY and Don't kmow option
12. Discussion regarding including Total and Interest fields, however it was agreed that these fields should not be included - IT IS NOW TO BE INCLUDED SEE CATHIES DISCUSSION BELOW
DONE 13. For Representatives, this field is still mandatory for the building, Gary to remove (optional) text from the question on the screen
DONE 14. Bank questions: Where Building Society selected, put leading question to ask if they have a roll/reference number. If 'Yes' display new field to capture rool/reference number if 'No' go to next question
15. the Business to confirm changes required to the Declaration statement
DONE 16. Amend confirmation screen to read: Application for refund submitted
DONE (Until wording comes through) 17. ET has a section which states 'What happens next'.  Lillian to provide wording for this section which will be copied from the landing page, when the landing page has been agreed with GDS
18. Dan is currently reviewing landing page and will provide comments to Daniel by COP 22/09/2017
19. Admin staff will access the ET admin panel and extract the data in by selecting a date range
20. All requirements must be provided and baselined by 3pm 26/09/2017.
DONE 21. Reference number to be made bigger on Confirmation screen
DONE 22. Include date submitted on Confirmation page
DONE 23. Include Print a copy of application on Confirmation page

DONE 101: Review table to have fee payment date
102: Go through validation tests and make sure we have everything
103: Fees page - make payment date and method disabled until a fee is entered
104: Fees page - tidy up styling

BUGS
1. DONE Payment date unknown does not seem to be being persisted and causing a failure on review page for some reason
2. The state of the continue button on the first 2 pages should not start off as disabled - but should be calculated from the value of the relevant questions
3. If the session contains no id, or an invalid id, the user could be redirected back to the start

Sporadics:
1. rspec ./spec/features/admin_panel/admin_show_feature_spec.rb:145

Testing:
1. Accessible gem - for testing aria stuff

Unit Tests:
1. DONE Applicant form (validation, standard form stuff, stripping of first and last names)
2. DONE Bank details form (validation, standard form stuff)
3. Confirmation form (no validation, standard form stuff - very basic)
4. Fees form - (Validation (complex), standard form stuff, partial payment date, conversion of fees to integer, conversion of fees from nil/string/integer)
5. Original case details form - (validation (medium complex), standard form stuff, address transfer, name transfer
6. Profile selection form - (validation (simple - needs adding of valid values), standard form stuff)
7. Review form - (validation of accept declaration, acts as a read proxy for all model attributes, generate app reference, generate submitted date)
8. Refund model - should be easy - has a few aliases which I may refactor out


From Cathie's discussion
1. DONE Change intro page text to that from Cathies document
2. DONE Original case details - initial state collapsed for address changed and representative
3. DONE Add EAT field 'EAT Case number' below ET Case number
4. DONE Add don't know to drop down for payment method in fees page
5. DONE Total in fees page - I think one for whole page but cathie is confirming
6. DONE Repayment details - initial state based on account type

From Cathie's discussion 29/9
1. DONE Confirmation page - Amend title to read: Submission details instead of Refund details.  Amend Refund submitted to Claim submitted.  We just need to keep the option of 'Print this page' as well

From Dan's email 2/10/2017
1. DONE Step 4 of 7: About your fees paid
  This should be referred to as About the fees you paid
  Amend Title of page to read:
  About the fees you paid
2. Step 4 of 7: About your fees paid
  Month field: Include number 10 to 12 and extend the field
3. Step 4 of 7: About your fees paid
  Year field: Include years 2013 to 2017 only
4. Step 4 of 7: About your fees paid
  Extend Payment method field as unable to read all the text
5. Step 4 of 7: About your fees paid
  Dan & Helen to confirm help text and any error messages
  Confirmed: 02/10/2017 Helen –

  Help text under title: Complete the relevant fields for fees you have paid.

6. Step 5 of 7: Repayment details
  Help text required:
  Dan to confirm wording with Helen
  None needed 02/10/17
7. Step 5 of 7: Repayment details
  When Bank selected from drop down list, bank fields not automatically appear.

Also include help text for Bank that is documented in specification
8. Step 5 of 7: Repayment details
  Selected Bank and Bank fields displayed and completed. Then selected BS instead and but did not enter any data into the BS fields and selected Continue.  Original Bank details displayed as well as BS error messages.

Bank details have still not cleared when changed from Bank to Building Society
9. Step 6 of 7: Review Your Application
  Amend title to read: Review your application.

  Dan to confirm on Monday following a catch up with Helen. Nothing further 02/10/17
10. Step 6 of 7: Review Your Application
  Reword ‘Current Claimant’s details’ label to ‘Claimant details’
11. Step 6 of 7: Review Your Application
  In the Original case details section: An ET office was not selected; however the code of ET offices has been populated in the output.
12. Step 6 of 7: Review Your Application
  When Edit selected for Ordinal case details and ET office amended to ‘unknown’ changes populated on the Review your application were inconsistent and the page layout was changed. Dan sent screen shot
13. Step 6 of 7: Review Your Application - Declaration
  Remove the text ‘I confirm the above (optional)’ above check box for the Declaration:

14. Step 6 of 7: Review Your Application - Declaration
  Include revised text alongside the checkbox to read:
  Tick to confirm
15. Step 6 of 7: Review Your Application - Declaration
  The Submit button must be disabled until the checkbox has been selected
16. Step 7 of 7: Application for refund submitted
  Amend screen title from Application for refund submitted to read:
Refund application submitted

This will follow ET format
17. Step 7 of 7: Application for refund submitted
  What’s happens next section needs to be updated:
  Email from Helen Nolan 29/09/2017:

  We have also been ask to provide some wording for the acknowledgement which we can replicate from the landing page wording but given that the actual process has not been defined yet, how long should we state the application will take to process. I think we initially said 5 days? but is this realistic and would we be better to err on he side of caution and say 14 days?. I'll be discussing this with Dan Thompson on Monday so would be grateful for a view before then.

  Updated: 2/10/17 Helen:

  1. The details of your application will be checked and verified.
  2. We will contact you to confirm your entitlement, or if we require any further information.
  3. This process may take up to 14 days.

18. Ad hoc: Bank details
  Email from Mark Bettis:
  He has just got off the phone with Indesser and Liberata. And there is some information that we need to add to our web based application and paper/pdf forms.
   
  The bank account validation that we will do will leave a footprint on their credit file. The validation will NOT affect their credit rating. We do therefore need to add some wording to make it clear what we are doing with their data.
   
  I’ve prepared some wording, and I just want Indesser and Equifax to confirm they are happy, then I will send it through.
   
  Also – there are a number of clearances connected to the bank account validation contract that need to happen which involve OGDs with an interest, GCHQ and Cabinet Office. We will be seeking assurances from Indesser that the data exchange method is suitable secure and accredited, I believe that GCHQ provide this. Indesser are trying to push this through as quickly as they can, and we are aiming at being able to validate the first payment file on Fri 6/10.

  02/10/2017 Mark Bettis confirms the wording:

  Using your personal information:
  Personal information which you supply to us may be used in a number of ways, for example:
  For fraud prevention
  To validate your entitlement to claim a fee refund
  For audit
   
  HMCTS will verify some of the information you have provided as part of this application using a credit reference agency. This check will appear in your credit history, it will not be visible to lenders and it will not affect your credit rating.

  Can we put this wording on page 2 of 7 under the header Claimant details.



